feat(discount): dashboard and docs for per-customer redemption limits (#13402)
polarsource/polar: docs/features/discounts.mdx

- **Products** The discount can only be applied to specific products. By default the discount can be applied to all products, also ones created after the discount was created.
- **Starts at** The discount can only be applied after this date
- **Ends at** The discount can only be applied before this date

> - **Maximum redemptions** The maximum number of times the discount can be applied, counting every customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Maximum redemptions** The maximum number of times the discount can be applied, counting across all customers.
```
